Software Development Life Cycle Process
SDLC Cycle
SDLC Phases
#1) Requirement Gathering and Analysis
#2) Design
#3) Implementation or Coding
#4) Testing
#5) Deployment
#6) Maintenance
Software Development Life Cycle Models
#1) Waterfall Model
#2) V-Shaped Model
#3) Prototype Model
#4) Spiral Model
#5) Iterative Incremental Model 
#6) Big Bang Model
#7) Agile Model
ś
1) what is software?

Software is a set of instructions, data or programs used to operate computers and execute specific tasks.
It is the opposite of hardware, which describes the physical aspects of a computer.
Software is a generic term used to refer to applications, scripts and programs that run on a device.
It can be thought of as the variable part of a computer, while hardware is the invariable part.


2) Types ofsoftware

The two main categories of software are application software and system software.
An application is software that fulfills a specific need or performs tasks.
System software is designed to run a computer's hardware and provides a platform for applications to run on top of.

     types of softwares.
    1)application software
    2)system software.
     What is the difference between Application software and system software?
  System software runs when the system is turned on and stop when the system is turned off.
  While application software runs as per the user's request.
  Example: System software is operating system, etc. Example: Application software are Photoshop, VLC player 


3) What is Software Development Methodology? 


        An Introduction To Software Development Methodologies.

There are numerous ways to organise the process of developing and writing code.
Although it is impossible to mandate one way as the only path, there is a great deal to learn from each one.
Learn about the benefits to working in different formats and procedural approaches in this overview on code-creation techniques.

     Software development methodology is a process or series of processes used in software development.
 Again, quite broad but that it is things like a design phase, a development phase. It is ways of thinking about things like waterfall being a non iterative kind of process.
 Generally it takes the form of defined phases. It is designed to describe the how of the life cycle of a piece of software.

It is also codified communication. So you’re actually setting a set of norms between a group of people that say this is how you’re going to work and this is how you’re going to pass information between each of you in certain ways; whether that is documentation, whether that is discussion, whether that is drawings on paper.